## Experience address

[Win10 UWP](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9MT2DR6PDFG9)

## The main function

### The purpose of this program development

At the beginning, there was only a web version to restrain yourself. Every time there was a time statistic, it was reasonable to arrange work and rest time.

### Current features

> Task add

> Task timing

> Task record review

#### Other additional features

> Scan code to log in to the web (this is the function I always wanted to achieve, every time logging in is too much trouble)

> Sign-in (No sign-in reward currently)

> Modify personal information

> View blog post

### Next version features

> Task contains subtasks

> Task record chart statistics

> Join personal financial management


## Specific use

1. Open the application store `Microsoft Store`
2. Search for `Recollected My Timer`
3. Enter the details, click `Get`
4. Click `Install`
5. Open the app
6. Click `My` on the left
7. Click on the avatar to enter the login interface
8. Click to register an account (Note: The mailbox can be filled in at random when registering, but you need to send an email to retrieve the password and change the mailbox)
9. Back to homepage
10. Click the bottom button `+` to enter the task list
11. Click the bottom button `+` to enter the add task
12. Add

Task name

Mission statement

Time for each task: 0 means unlimited time, it will not stop automatically, other values ​​means how many minutes each time it will be executed, it will stop automatically

13. Click `√` in the upper right corner to save
14. Go back to the task list page
15. Click the bottom `🖊` edit button
16. Choose a few tasks
17. Click on the bottom `+` `Add to today's task`, the selected task will be added to today's task, you can click continuously to add multiple tasks
18. Click the `Cancel` button at the bottom to exit edit mode
19. "End Task" at the bottom can end the selected task, indicating that the task has been completed and no longer needs to be executed
20. Back to home page
21. Click a task to enter the task execution page
22. Click the `Start` button at the bottom to start the task
23.  . . .
24. Wait until the lap is completed, indicating that this round of tasks is completed once, you can stop and rest for 3-5 minutes
25. During execution, you can click `Pause`, which means there is something else disturbing, you need to pause for a while, after processing, click` Start` to continue the task
26. During execution, you can click `Stop` to indicate that you must deal with other things. This time the task execution is invalid and needs to be re-executed, which will not reduce today ’s tasks
27. On the left timebook, you can view the records executed every day

## Talk about the development process

Originally, the first version was the WeChat applet version. At that time, the review was directly hit back, as if individuals could not publish the applet containing the user's system.

So from this, my program will become an app and will not be available in the domestic application market, so I can only suspend the development of the app by flutter

UWP was registered as a developer a few years ago, but no app was released at that time, and I am familiar with c # in my spare time, so I took this program as an experimental version.

The UWP version has ideas to be compatible with the obsolete Win10 Mobile, because there are still a few lumia phones on hand